HowTo Autogenerate WebApi yaml (#97)
microsoft/carbon-aware-sdk: src/CarbonAware.WebApi/src/README.md

The .Net framework will automatically respond to validation errors with a [ValidationProblemDetails](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.validationproblemdetails?view=aspnetcore-6.0) object.  Using the Exception Filter class enables the WebAPI to consistently respond with the `ValidationProblemDetails` error schema in all error cases and take advantage of error handling automatically provided by the framework.

![WebAPI Error Handling Flow Chart](docs/images/web-api-error-handling-flow.png)

## Autogenerate WebAPI

Using the following steps, it is possible to get the CarbonAware WebApi OpenAPI specification

1. Make sure the current directory is `CarbonAware.WebApi/src`

    ```sh
    cd src/CarbonAware.WebApi/src
    dotnet tool restore

>     dotnet build --configuration Release --no-restore

Reviewer: ultra technically, you need to do a 

```dotnet restore```

before you run the build and ask it not to do a restore :)

The .Net framework will automatically respond to validation errors with a [ValidationProblemDetails](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.validationproblemdetails?view=aspnetcore-6.0) object.  Using the Exception Filter class enables the WebAPI to consistently respond with the `ValidationProblemDetails` error schema in all error cases and take advantage of error handling automatically provided by the framework.

![WebAPI Error Handling Flow Chart](docs/images/web-api-error-handling-flow.png)

## Autogenerate WebAPI

Using the following steps, it is possible to get the CarbonAware WebApi OpenAPI specification

> 1. Make sure the current directory is `<workspace>/carbon-aware-sdk/src/`

Reviewer 2: Technically there is no requirement for the root directory to share the same name as the project.  I think anyone trying to run this code will be fine with these instructions either way, but you might consider:

```suggestion
1. Make sure the current directory is `<path to project root>/src/`
```
